# Quake 3 Arena Log Parser

A command-line tool written in Go that can analyze log files generated by the popular first-person shooter game Quake 3 Arena. It offers functionalities to:

- **Parse the log file** and extract relevant information.
- **Print Matches Report** of grouped details about each match and a player ranking.
- **Print Death Causes Report** of deaths grouped by death cause for each match.

## Usage

There are two main ways to use this tool:

### 1. From Command Line Arguments:

Pass an argument indicating the desired report type after the program name. Available options are:
- `matches` or `m`: Parse and prints the matches report.
- `deaths` or `d`: Parse and prints the death causes report.

Example usage:
```bash
./quake3_log_parser matches
./quake3_log_parser deaths
```

### 2. Interactive CLI:

Run the program without any arguments to enter the interactive CLI.
The program will prompt you to enter a command:
- `parse` or `p`: Parse the log file (specified in the configuration file).
- `matches` or `m`: Print the parsed matches report.
- `deaths` or `d`: Print the parsed death causes report.
- `quit` or `q`: Exit the program.

## Requirements

- Go programming language installed (version 1.x or higher recommended)
- A valid Quake 3 Arena log file (compatible format defined in the configuration file)
- Valid configuration file to define the parsing rules (`config.json` located in the root directory).

## Running Tests

Open a terminal in the project directory and run command:
```bash
go test ./... -v
```

## Building

Open a terminal in the project directory and run the following command to create the executable file (quake3_log_analyzer):
```bash
go build -o quake3_log_parser cmd/main.go
```

